[15.0][ADD] maintenance_security: New module (#350)
OCA/maintenance: maintenance_security/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

> This module displays the Maintenance menu only to users with maintenance permissions and limits the users to whom the different maintenance fields (equipment, requests, team members and category managers) can be assigned.

Reviewer: Remember to split the lines into 88 cols the same as code:

```suggestion
This module limits the Maintenance menu to users with any of the maintenance groups.

It also removes the assignation mail when a user with no permission is assigned to an equipment, as if not, the mail will contain a link to it.
```
